add EnterpriseIds for orderItems/getAll and payments/getAll (#431)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

## 18th April 2023

> * Extended [Get order items](../operations/orderitems.md#get-all-order-items) with `EnterpriseIds` parameter and [Order item](../operations/orderitems.md#order-item) with `EnterpriseId` property.
> * Extended [Get payments](../operations/payments.md#get-all-payments) with `EnterpriseIds` parameter and [Payment](../operations/payments.md#payment) with `EnterpriseId` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extended [Get all order items](../operations/orderitems.md#get-all-order-items) with `EnterpriseIds` filter and [Order item](../operations/orderitems.md#order-item) with `EnterpriseId`.
* Extended [Get all payments](../operations/payments.md#get-all-payments) with `EnterpriseIds` filter and [Payment](../operations/payments.md#payment) with `EnterpriseId`.
```
